I'm trying to write. If you read nonsense again, you're welcome to mess up the book.
I've tried the wording, this is not a local translation,
That's really what I'm saying.
How can this little piece of light have nothing to do for you?
If you don’t believe me, let me point you to a few more centers.
Don't touch, touch, touch, touch
Don't touch, touch, touch
Don't touch, touch, don't touch
Don't touch it
Weren't you very popular just now?
i like you very much
Those are the things you most want to avoid
Give me another show
Do you have any flowers? Tell me.
How dare you sell it?
bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump
You dare to threaten to apply in person to me?
Don’t want to watch it yet
How dare you go out and get into a fight?
Not yet, not yet
remember what you said
If you are speaking
I have hundreds or thousands of guarantees
I see the earthen altar is placed where you are holding the dog.
No, no, no, no, no
What about me?
I rely on this man
Did you say what you did?
Don't make Han money
I'll be with you as a member of the Rong Hold Dog
My father, Chen, hurry up and get out before he changes his doctrine.